Moved Xor Pyramid; Added Xor Sigma Problem (#4699)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/3_Silver/Intro_Bitwise.mdx

### Explanation

Let's analyze the bits of each xor-sum independently. In this case, we'll check for every bit position, i.e.

> for every power of two, whether or not it's set in every contiguous subsequence xor-sum.

Reviewer: > contiguous subsequence xor-sum

do you mean the xor-sum of every contiguous subsequence?

Author: yes

Author: I rephrased it

> for every power of two, whether or not it's set on in every subsequence xor-sum.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for every power of two, whether or not it's set in every contiguous subsequence's xor-sum.
```

Author: Done

This way, we transformed the problem into counting the number of subsequences with

> xor-sum non-zero in an array formed by the bits in same position in all value.

Reviewer 3: could you break up this sentence? it's hard to understand

Author: done

### Explanation

One good practice for the xor operation is analyzing how the bits are

> set in the final answer. In this case, we'll check for every bit position, i.e.

Reviewer: > analyzing how the bits are set in the final answer

idk this seems like a nothingburger of a tip

Author: Is it better now ?

Reviewer: imo just remove it

Author: all of the explanation ?

Reviewer: no just the "One good practice"

Author: I hope it's ok now

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <numeric>
#include <vector>

using namespace std;

int main() {
	int n;
	cin >> n;
	vector<int> v(n);
	for (int &a : v) { cin >> a; }
	long long ans = -accumulate(v.begin(), v.end(), 0LL);

> 	// Check for every bit position if it's set on in the xor-sum of every

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	// For every bit position, check if it's set on in the xor-sum of every
```

Author: ok

	// subsequence
	for (int i = 0; i < 30; i++) {
		int s = 0;
		// Count the prefix sums

> 		vector<int> pref = {1, 0};

Reviewer: why does this start w/ a 1

Author: It's like the whole prefix.

Reviewer: that...does not clear things up

Author: In the code I search prefixes $\texttt{pref}_j$ such that $\texttt{pref}_j \oplus \texttt{pref}_i = 1$. The $1$ accounts for when the xor-sum of the whole prefix is $1$, that otherwise wouldn't be counted.
